---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
---
# AEMO MLOPS Introduction Mtng w/ Amir
- told Amir that JonD didn't want to change interface from ERCOT.  Not clear if this information got through
-  My questions & Amir's answers
	- [ ] He'll set up a meeting w/ JonD, invite me
	- [x] how check out?
		- not Geli Tree
		- Amir will give me code to modify
		- I send Amir python library requirements ("requirements.in")
		- He will make a new repo
	- [x] DE won't have CSVs yet
		- more or less, don't worry about it, but he didn't really answer the question
	- [x] I'm not looping on dates, but a continuous 5 mins
		- that's OK, loop on whatever
	- [x] I'm not retraining so far
		- don't have to retrain, can just exclude the training block
	- [x] How do I incorporate sutil.py, etc.?
		- util files that span products: VDER, AEMO, ...¬
		- could put file on S3 and share it (but is this version-controlled?)
		- could consider moving VDER under VPP (I don't love this)
		- [x] I'll send him a link to the git sub-component, he'll consider it
	- [x] Preprocess might be huge in future, needs parallelization
		- we can just get a giant server to run this on
		- this was his suggestion, didn't address multiple containers on a graph
	- [x] Could Amir add comments?
		- he'll add some comments
	- [x] How are test and train sets specified?
		- in args class
	- [x] vectorized vs. per-step calls
		- vectorized predict method will work
		- but he requests to leave possibility for predicting one sample at a time (test), so could do periodic retrain in the future
		- data prep: vectorization is assumed
	- [x] Interface vs. realtime?
		- Simulation: 
			- he's only talked about sim
			- data based on S3 csv
			- here's the structure: [Log in with Atlassian account](https://growingenergylabs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/analytics/pages/8755576841/Folder+structure+and+file+schema+for+exposing+Forecasting+results+to+Simulations+on+AWS+S3)		
		- Product
			- there is MLOPS work to do, but I think won't
			- e.g. Dockerizatino
			- Not me, maybe Abhi, Amir, somebody else>)			
	- [x] only fit and predict methods?
		- yes, sounds like it
		- I'm guessing init needed, though
	- [x] does it have to be in a notebook?
		- no: it can be a python file instead, but it can be
		- CLI is slow, though, but I'm not planning on doing that
	- [x] How make repo?
		- he'll do it
		- can update requirements
		- he'll call it "vpp**" 
		- but this won't include optimziation
- [ ] requirements file I'll send
	- not a penalty for huge but he would prefer smaller
	- [ ] So I need to refactor and simplify requirements
# 2023 Performance Reviews Process Mtng
- [ ] I should just get the slides and follow them, when the time comes.
# New Travel Approval Process
This meeting was some time ago, but I just found the link to the Teams recording
- [Teams Recording Link](https://appriver3651001394-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/antonia_brewer_us_q-cells_com/EXIlu_MeeY9Eqexcrzm9ECABv37gFOD0xQJbUkH2IA7DIw?referrer=Teams.TEAMS-ELECTRON&referrerScenario=MeetingChicletGetLink.view.view)