---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
---
# Bi-weekly DS project mtng: new MLOPs system

I didn't get any of my questions answered in this meeting.  I'm not sure how great this is.

- done by Abhi
- My Questions
	- how often train?
		- deployment/production: AWS step functions allow training
		- prototyping: done in a for loop
	- how capture and reproduce errors that happened in production
		- Abhi: no connection, will have to debug in production code
		- Amir: monitoring service will track things like concept on product
		- Abhi: data drift detected by RMSE changes, etc.  will send time stamps
		- Abhi: production endpoints can be recreated
		- Amir: inputs come through market connector, is saved
		- Abhi: 
	- where do I track my experiments before optimization sees it?
	- Run multiple "shadow" forecasts simultaneously, one is for operational test; the other production
	- data versioning?  
		- data updates daily
		- we're going to want to go back and compare on old data (VDER right now)
	- Need local GitHub approach
		- Boruta
		- NEMSEER
		- NEMOSIS
# AEMOS Forecast Sim interface w/ optimizer Mtng
- Amir, JonD
- My questions
	- separate P5MIN and PREDISPATCH forecasts?  JonD said before that was harder to map on ERCOT method, I think.
- What Byron and Gerrit are  doing
	- only simple was this ERCOT?  Don't they already have an ERCOT file interface?
	- yes, they already are using the file
	- but.. says it's not scaleable, want to use a DB
- JonD: do same hack as Byron and Gerrit are doing for ERCOT
- JonD: hacky way he's done this: spoof a region in mkt connector, load forecasts into that
	- the uses all their existing simulation structure
	- somehow they got stuck w/ DE work for AEMO, so changing it is extra work for optimization
	- two ways
		- user friendly: script to overwrite forecasts into mkt conn DB
			- need DE to write script
		- change so read from flat file instead of using mkt connector
			- more work
- Amir: 
	- sim team involved w/ design of file system interface
	- don't want full system, want to do more like what's for ERCOT
- JonD
	- AEMO forecasts are weird: 2 forecasts
		- so work needed for that
		- **BUT**: what if I just give optimization 1 forecast?  He's OK w/ 1 forecast, they'll make it work.
- Amir:
	- proposes working w/ other teams to implement the better approach
- JonD
	- make a detailed design to get only my forecast, not two AEMO forecasts
	- production has a bunch of validations that will blow up a different prototype interface
	- this makes it hard: he'll have to look what is required to do that
	- he says I could give him one forecast and they could internally split it to use two copies, something
	- scheduling
		- Naveen is Nectar project engineer, hasn't heard about this work
		- project is in transition: Vish hired to do VPP roadmap
		- not clear what the next AEMO DS task is (opt or forecasting, I guess)
	- DE who knows mkt conn.
- TODOs
	- [ ] Amir will set up meeting w/ Sim team (next year)
	- [ ] I will set up w/ Forrest meeting (next year)
	- [ ] I will set up meeting w/ View about product priorities 
# Dataframe "spreadsheet" packages

So I can easily display and modify pandas dataframes.  At this moment, I don't want these, it turns out.  But xlwings or pandasGUI might be useful for displaying large dataframes. 

### xlwings

Nice in that it just calls excel, and apparently, you can display or edit your df there.  I didn't try it because I realized that what I really wanted was something that I can edit like excel and which makes python for that, that I can paste into a notebook.

I only wanted to fire up Excel once in a while to manually initialize a df.  Then I wanted to store it in the notebook itself, in such a way that it is visible and ban be reused without running Excel again.

- [xlwings Tutorial: Make Excel Faster Using Python – Dataquest](https://www.dataquest.io/blog/python-excel-xlwings-tutorial/)

#### pandasGUI

Bard says it generates code but it doesn't
- [Using PandasGUI to Analyze Pandas DataFrames on Graphical User Interface | by Wasin Waeosri | The Startup | Medium](https://medium.com/swlh/using-pandasgui-to-analyze-pandas-dataframes-on-graphical-user-interface-821e9e4d4e98)
### Mito

In spite of what Bing claims, it won't run in vscode: only Jupyterlab.  

But it looks capable and easy to use:

> import mitosheet
> mitosheet.sheet(df_cab)
> 
> **Exception**: The mitosheet currently only works in JupyterLab.

I installed it in *base* on my SLS, didn't try it in JupyterLab, only vscode.

- [Mito: Using pandas as a spreadsheet | by Luca Clissa | Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/mito-using-pandas-as-a-spreadsheet-within-jupyter-lab-6a6bd04310a8)
- [Installing Mito - Mito](https://docs.trymito.io/getting-started/installing-mito)
- [Mito Demo 2022 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFfWfqzdKyE)

