---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
---

# Folding
Titles and bullets both collapse, and by default, that collapsed state persists when you come back to the page.

But bullet folding is super fiddly! The "hand" covers more thane one bullet so it's hard to see if your mouse is on the bullet to collapse / uncollapse, at least on the the SLS.

Keyboard shorcuts for collapse/uncollapse, as well as cursor movement are really needed.

* TODO: 
	* set up the FOLD commands under hotkeys.  
	* May require remapping some outlines shortcuts too. 
	*  See if I emulate org mode for the outliner move commands.
	*  Also shift line up/down

Also, there's weirdness where you can't uncollapse, can't even see that something is collapsed.  Seems better if toggle read mode with Ctrl+E (not sure which mode is better for viewing this)
## Tests of Folding

### Title 2.1
##### Sub 2.1.1

;kasjflakjs flasjfd lkasdjf

adsflkajdsfljasldfjlasdf lja

asdfljadslfj;adskjlf

##### Sub 2.1.2

* asldfkasdlkfj
* alsdfkjalkdsjf
	* alsdfkjalsdkfj
	* asldfkjlaskjdf
		* aslfdkj
		* alskdfj
	* aslfkdj
* alskdfljsfd
	* asdlkfjlasjf
	* asldjkf
* alksdfjldjfs

# Timestamp Notes plugin: good for YouTube notes

Also: 
- [[2023-10-17#Options for YouTube Video Notes]]
- [[2023-10-17#Timestamp Notes Plugin]]
- [[2023-10-17#Setup for Timestamp Notes Plugin]]


```timestamp-url 
 [Ukraine Establishes Another Crossing Over the Dnipro at Kozachi Laheri - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXczESoaVKQ)
 ```

```timestamp 
 00:16
 ```
Kasziliah hari

```timestamp 
 01:35
 ```
700 meters wide at this point

```timestamp 
 02:41
 ```
cut off Oleshki

```timestamp 
 02:54
 ```
UK does have presence near Oleshky

```timestamp 
 05:08
 ```
must reuduce artilery presence first.