---
created date: 2024-07-24T12:07:47-07:00
modified date: 2024-07-24T12:09:04-07:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---
**[[2024-07-23]]**  <-->  **[[2024-07-25]]**

# New Research Ideas post AEMO Meeting

- My Points
	- Liquidity?
	- Room on CAISO
- JonD
	- his best options are FOM, 
		- CAISO or ERCOT
		- DA decisions
		- RT decisions
	- CAISO pure deterministic
		- wants stochastic
	- Bottleneck for 3 years ago stoch opt was lack of good prob forecasts
		- prices, AS utilization, etc.
- Byron
	- CAISO battery effect on mkt
	- he's just making the offer, not modeling the 
	- can get anymized bids and offers.  CAISO is more locked down
	- ERCOT gives more data.  Better research.
	- CAISO
		- Thinks energy arbitrage
		- Energy and ancillary at the same time is hard
		- most energy comes from energy arbitrage
	- For ERCOT
		- robustness of optimization is most imp
		- it's interesting
		- have "robustish" for both CAISO ERCOT
			- "Yixin": "robustness infused model"
				- good to do both that and stoch opt
	- Byron: distributionally robust: have info about distribution
		- Byron want a multistage distributionally robust
		- want it adjustable
			- "adjustable" can change your decisions later
			- trick: realtime decisions can change, but ancillary is fixed b/c of DA commitment
- Amir
	- JonD wanted a weird prob forecast
		- JonD agrees
	- Have already scenarios for ERCOT implemented
	- JonD:are all the product prices properly cross correlated
		- Amir:No, too computationally expensive
	- [ ] # SO, need multivariate scenarios
	-  Amir thinks extension is easy, but I din't udnerstand what he said, and then said they're not correlated
	- ERCOT:says full cross-corr is difficult in production
		- b/c must ingest a lot of data every hour
		- an "operation nightmare"
		- if one model goes wrong, one thing breaks everything else
	- CAISO
		- use conformal prediction to generate quantiles from expected value
		- Says Jon's idea of making a 3 time series that are along P90, etc
			- not going to happen
			- @ but wouldn't that almost be like polyhedrals?
		- JonD: with MVN, easy to generate conditional stuff
			- @ can't that be done easily in a copula, like I was thinking back at IWES?
	- getting expected value forecast extremely different
		- b/c things that control the curve are nonlinearly related
	- ERCOT:we could take steps *beyond* what forecasting group has done for ERCOT
		- Expected curves, actuals, realizations for 2023-2024
		- OR, could get quantiles and realizations for ERCOT
	- CAISO
		- could try conformal on CAISO in one month
		- we could expand on that
		- but not much data in CAISO
			- e.g. something utilization: Byron models that
			- they have all they can get
			- I think building on what data/models forecasting group already has
		- he had a table showing models vs. results
		- also had "Julia profit" column
			- only has FOM components
		- CAISO very hard to beat persistence esp. for DA (97% e.g "DAE Econ")
			- vs. ERCOT, which is very unpredictable
			- NOTE that [most utility trading is DA](FERC24understandParticipCAISO.md#^gpq2) ?