---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
---
# Python interfaces to Obsidian

I'm thinking about this for dealing with Zotero notes that link to other Zotero notes instead of to an obsidian literature note.    [[#^20306e|py-obsidianmd]] seems most useful.

One use would be to remove all notes from Zotero every once in a while
- manually run obsidian integration to create an obsidian literature note (Zotero key should be stored in easy-to-access obsidian note metadata)
- manually paste that Zotero item's note into the bottom of the note created by obsidian integration
- periodically run python to reroute notes linking to a Zotero entry to that note's obsidian literature note, if it exists (leave it alone if there is no obsidian note)

Another use could be to get the note metadata into callouts or into the bottom of a note and out of the way.
## [py-obsidianmd](https://github.com/selimrbd/py-obsidianmd)
^20306e

Python interface to your Obsidian notes.  The video shows how to put metadata into callouts automatically, and so on.

Also
- [[2024-03-09#Zotero Integration Plugin Working out the details]]
- [[2024-03-06#Zotero Link]]
- [[2024-03-05#Zotero / Obsidian / Pandoc Lit Review and Export]]
- [[2024-02-25#Zotero Integration Plugin]]
## [obsidian-python-scripter](https://github.com/nickrallison/obsidian-python-scripter)
This is a program to quickly allow you to run your own Python scripts from inside Obsidian. To get started enable this plugin, it will create a scripts/python folder inside your designated .obsidian folder. For each script it will add a custom command to the obsidian commands panel.
## [obsidian-execute-python](https://github.com/WilliamEchols/obsidian-execute-python)
lightweight Python code snippet executor with runtime input support (Obsidian plugin)
## [obsidiantools: Obsidian tools](https://github.com/mfarragher/obsidiantools)
a Python package for analysing an Obsidian.md vault
## 

