---
created date: 2024-07-17T14:01:42-07:00
modified date: 2024-07-18T10:54:18-07:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---
**[[2024-07-16]]**  <-->  **[[2024-07-18]]**

# JonD meeting: Research topics, etc.

## My points
- Mukunda meeting on Friday
	- [ ] should we make points for that?
- how to associate a forecast error with how much it contributed to a sub-optimal decision error? 
	- JonD's thoughts
		- depends on time and tariff
		- so prioritize e.g. 4pm-9pm since are shaving peak then
		- amt. you can discharge to limit peak depends upon how long battery can handle (stored energy), so shape matters
		- how important to be accurate in off-hours: 
			- flat load is harder to optimize over, when it's close to current peak
			- the lower the load, the less you care about accurate prediction
			- discharging during TOU is important, but it can leave battery empty, causing you to increase your cummulative peak
			- can also be constrained by batter max power output
			- battery is small relative to load
			- @ IDEA: could run perfect optimization, 
				- then notice when discharging/charging: give those places higher sample weight.
				- error importance depends upon how much accumulated peak has occurred.
				- But JonD says they don't care about demand charges.  Would be interested if we got the green light to work on it.
- AEMO stuff
	- hyperparam opt using Optuna
	- on to concept drift a.k.a. periodic retrain
- Laptop: what specs does his laptop have?


## JonD
- AEMO
	- wants to get off AEMO since biz doesn't care
	- OK w/ stuff that transfers to other things
	- still OK w/ testing retraining and rerunning a sim
	- not too hard to change price forecast, but it's still pretty manual, so time consuming to run sims
	- running different sites is more work
	- OK w/ periodic AEMO sims if I also give him inputs for hist stuff
		- takes an hour to setup
		- 9 hrs to run
		- hour to analyze results
		- so about 1/2 day
	- he's worried I won't get to his forecasts
- things he could do while waiting for me to do AEMO
	- some C&I stuff is optimization logic, but they don't care
	- could also do ERCOT parameter tuning
		- number of params to tune: currently none, he'd add some, those weights
		- actually, there are a few logical switches (that they didn't care about)
		- ERCOT day ahead
	- LightGBM (JonL's) study
	- Mystic
		- Byron's looked at it
		- has genetic algs and stuff
		- he's use it to tune weights on marketing objectives 
- JonD's next thing he wants to work on
	- ERCOT stock opt
	- *quantiles* of prices in ERCOT markets
	- could then add risk objectives
		- e.g. lock into ancillary
		- v.s. space to react to realtime mkt prices
	- [ ] my idea: a joint price forecast
	- forecasts he needs
		- realtime market price
		- one (or more) of ancillary services (decided day ahead).  He could pick one
		- up to 5 price streams
	- simpler problem: DA vs. RT mkt. price
	- motivation for this 
		- is Chariot group, who are using our price forecast now
			- maybe they're buying DA vs. RT energy, but he's only guessing
			- they have one guy, a chief risk manager, who seems mathy
			- they've got human traders looking at forecasts
		- another Hanwhah group is hiring somebody for a trading desk (global something group)
	- [ ] figure out how to do ERCOT prob. frcst, this w/ Amir's group
	- ERCOT liquidity is an issue
	- Jon mentioned conformal forecasts