---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---
**[[2024-07-10]]**  <-->  **[[2024-07-12]]**

# Josh Tatdge Financial Meeting
## My TODOs
- [ ] figure out GE post-tax 401K amount
- [ ] decide what to roll over
- [ ] think about annuity
- [ ] think about small/mid cap 
- [ ] how much will I need for necessities/year?
- [ ] ask HR extra contributions for purposes of Roth conversion
- [ ] nail down the Ameriprise fee structure / look @ reviews
- [ ] combine capitolone with vanguard?
- [ ] detailed fidelity statements, with fund breakdown, if I didn't already give it to Josh (maybe he thought it was Putnam, but it really was Fidelity where he was missing that info)
- [ ] DE pensions
- [ ] anything else I forgot?
## Meeting notes
- says historically, elections don't affect the market
- my current allocations: 55% stock, 11 bond, 11 inter, 1 in small, 22 in cash
	- 1/3 in bonds an cash
	- he says that's moderately conservative
- he say's I'm a tad below "moderate aggressive"
- # I'm underweight drastically in small and mid-cap
- large cap returns are from 10 companies: all my big funds are 
- small usually outperforms big cap, but not in last few years
- thinks I should move more to small and mid cap
- if I retire @ 70
	- assume low growth: I s/b be able to take out $36k/years
	- he said I'm ready to retire (then, I think)
	- says I could retire sooner @62 rate Soc Sec isn't bad
	- he could check this in detail if I wanted
- doesn't see any Roth.  Says I should consider
	- [ ] # Can I really do a Roth (Jumbo or whatever)
		- OK, actually can't do a standard Roth: AGI limit
		- but can convert to a 
		- [ ] somehow having be able to contribute to some account post-tax above 401K?
		- [ ] need to know about my GE post-tax contributions to my 401K
- I have a big mess, could consider consolidating
	- would have to take separate RMDs from each 401K (5 of them, right now)
	- can't do qualified dist until I'm 70.5 
	- currently can't do from 401K, so I guess must set up an IRA
- transfer in kind to consolidate
	- putnam
	- vanguard
	- [ ] # can I do this for principal 401K?
- charities
	- could bundle gifts so big amt. in one year
		- then could itemize b/c the amt. would be big
	- donor advised fund
		- house would have a lot of capital gains
			- 1st $250K is forgiven
			- could put big bucks ($100k?) in advised fund then, get deduction that year, when income is very high
			- then can donate out of it
			- **Sounds like a good idea** 
- [x] be moderately conservative to "guarantee" my target retirement income; fairly aggressive on rest?
	- answer: **yes**
	- essentials, he likes guaranteed sources for that
	- maybe 90k/year @ age 70 (3% inflation)
		- 401K withdraw + pension + Soc. is about that (I think he said)
	- could put conservative stuff in annuity (he thinks 7% returns?)
		- says 2001 and 2002 were hard years: low interest, interest is high now (Fed >5%; CD's are @ 4%)
		- his annuity might guarantee 3% after 7 years, may earn 5% until then
			- this would be an assume the worst option
			- can take 10% / year out per year (most of them), and are stuck otherwise
				- [x] is this the "liquid" thing he mentioned about annuities?: **yes**
		- inflation-indexed way?
			- TIPS are a way
			- I can buy only 20k/year allowed
			- TIP funds, though, could be done
			- if high inflation, bonds will "get drilled again"
				- b/c Fed will have to raise interest rates if too high
				- but says maybe Trump will override fed, though, supreme court let him
				- could have hyperinflation if Trump pumps
			- he thinks rates will get lowered but chance of a crazy scenario
- Putnam: I'm paying 1% / year fee to them
	- Putnam Balanced 5 star rated fund, but fee is 0.9%
	- I already paid to get into Putnam
	- but I could slide it into Ameriprise, all together
- GE, Vaisala
	- I could pay him 1% or less to manage this in Ameriprise, amt. depends upon what I buy, and what he does (he could just show me how to do it online)
# [[Evernote Import To Obsidian]] (this is a link to that page)


