---
modified date: 2025-03-20T15:23:37-07:00
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
---
# Zotero Integration Plugin
From: [obsidian-zotero-integration](https://github.com/mgmeyers/obsidian-zotero-integration)

I've been putting a lot of notes into zotero directly, but I don't like the inter-note links (unchangeable author_year things that are ambiguous), the fussy clicky way you must navigate them, and also, the difficulty of bouncing back and forth between references. All of this is easier in Obsidian (and org mode, and probably org-roam).  There are no back links in zotero, and finally, I don't have a way of inserting just a link to a zotero entry into an obsidian page, other than another clicky, error prone process of copying links in zotero and then manually editing them in Obsidian.

- [ ] order pdfs, so 1st attachment in Zotero entry is 1st attachment in Obsidian lit not page
	- `firstAttachmentLink`: a [new](https://github.com/mgmeyers/obsidian-zotero-integration/commit/806bfbcf316093fe3dd283a622bba9e9f5a95406) (undocumented) template variable that could be used for this
	- but template code will be tedious to write!
## Data Explorer (in Zotero Integration): 
- Displays zotero integration data that could be imported.
- pops up a window allowing you to view the same new reference page as viewed by different templates.  Could be a nice way to experiment w/o actually adding a page.
## Bulk Obsidian Literature Note Creation From Zotero

I've got hundreds of Zotero items.  How can I create a literature note for each in bulk?
### Just use the Obsidian Integration Plugin

#### Basic

1. From Obsidian, run an Obsidian Integration Plugin import command
2. In the red skinny popup, click the arrow on right, next to the `Z`
3. Classic View
4. In next popup, select `Multiple Sources`
5. Select a region of Zotero items to import
6. Click `OK`

Then every entry you've selected will be imported.  With my [[#Current Template|Current Template]], any notes I've already made in Zotero will be inserted into the Obsidian lit note.  If I accidentally reimport a note, it will be added to but won't overwrite important stuff.
#### Selecting only Zotero items that don't already have notes

Avoid overwriting or appending existing notes by the [[#Zotero Integration Plugin|Zotero Integration Plugin]] by somehow using a Zotero Saved Search to Select them.  Would be a "negative search," 
- which is messy and unintuitive, as I found when I commented on a similar question on the Zotero Forum (can't find it)
- [ ] ? can negative search somehow fit with the plugin popup's "classic" view, which is where you can do multiselect
## Import Template for Zotero Integration
### Current Template

- # Current Template (8/2024): [literature_note.md](obsidian://open?vault=Obsidian%20Share%20Vault&file=Obsidian%2Ftemplates%2Fliterature_note)

### Other contributed templates
- [Arthur Turrell](https://aeturrell.com/blog/posts/til-zotero-and-obsidian/)
### Tests for Template LSQ-SDO

Below are runs of:

This just made a new page: [[Manokhin23worksTSfrcstNixtla]] and copied the zotero entry into it (so it won't sync.)  

Then I tried making copying in a new zotero entry which had a link to another entry in its notes.  Is that clickable?  Is it just as dumb as it is inside of zotero?  Yes, the links do work: if you click on it in zotero, you'll get sent to the zotero entry.  Also, in Obsidian, you can edit the links to be more descriptive.  See this imported entry: [[Kulakov20xmodelElecMkts]].  

HOWEVER, maybe you'd want the click to instead to get sent to the Obsidian page about this entry?  Yes. One kludge in [this video](https://youtu.be/XbGJH08ZfCs?t=608) is to use the Citations plugin (not the Obsidian Zotero Integration plugin) to search through zotero entries: when you make the reference in obsidian, it will create a new note with an alias equal to the Zotero citekey.  The link it creates goes to that Obsidian note, not zotero, but the zotero citekey allows you to find the zotero entry.

#### Import Notes

This overwrote the last page [[Manokhin23worksTSfrcstNixtla]] with a simpler one, containing just the notes. 

Doesn't have a link back to the paper or the zotero entry.
## Insert notes into current documents

Inserts notes into current page, doesn't make a new page (below)
#### Test: Reviewed [[Manokhin23worksTSfrcstNixtla|Manhokhin23:What Truly Works in Time Series Forecasting]]

## Zotero Better Notes addon

The zotero plugin that, among other things, allows you share and sync a markdown note, stored in the obsidian directory.

Just right click on the note and export a linked note into zotero
- links zotero put inside the note do link back to zotero entries 
	- `although they get converted to some hashy format I don't understand
	- you can't link the note unless you allow this setting
- Workspace note 
	- is pretty fancy, with mindmaps, graphs, etc.  
	- but doesn't seem to be exportable to Obsidian
	- if you export, it seems to make a copy
- *Can* get a pasteable link to a note
	- edit note
	- click on settings gear in upper right
	- copy note link
	- z.b. [Gatt23preDispatchAEMO](zotero://note/u/M6F8PAWH/?line=3)
	- **But this only works after you've linked it to the BN Workspace note??** 
- Can also open the attached file from the note's gear icon
	- **Also only works after you've linked it to the BN Workspace note**

# **Using the "Quick Copy" feature in Zotero:**

Don't love it. It's not clickable. It just copies the paper's title, author, etc..

- In Zotero, select an entry entry.
- Use the "Quick Copy" feature (Ctrl+Shift+C/Cmd+Shift+C).
- Paste the copied text into your Obsidian page
## Try it

Here's a link to zotero: Kulakov, Sergei. “X-Model: Further Development and Possible Modifications.” _Forecasting_ 2, no. 1 (2020): 20–35.
# Zotero Link Plugin
from [here](https://github.com/vanakat/zotero-link)

- Alows you to directly insert a Zotero link into Obsidian, w/ title, author, etc. as link title. It's convenient, with minimal setup (below), but now that I have [[2024-03-09#Zotero Integration Plugin]] and `lit\lit_notes` working, the direct `zotero:` links from this plugin links are redundant, and kinda get in the way. Also, obsidian is getting terribly sluggish.

- [Creating Direct Links to Zotero Documents in Obsidian – Curtis McHale](https://curtismchale.ca/2023/05/24/creating-direct-links-to-zotero-documents-in-obsidian/#:~:text=Zotero%20Link%20provides%20one%20command,up%20titled%20Zotero%20Link%3A%20Insert%20.&text=Press%20Enter%20and%20you'll,documents%20in%20a%20searchable%20pane.)
- Last update was 2 year ago, and it requires you to install 2 other plugins. Seems like all of this won't survive the transition to Zotero 7

Setup requires 2 other plugins:
1. [ZotServer](https://github.com/MunGell/ZotServer) addon installed in your local *Zotero* application
2. [Zotero Bridge](https://github.com/vanakat/zotero-bridge) plugin installed in *Obsidian*

In other news:
- tutorial video: [Local Zotero Links in Obsidian - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44vV7Tr484Q)
- Under the hood, it uses the [[Dailies/2025-02-07.md#Zotero Bridge Plugin |Zotero Bridge Plugin]]

**I've disabled these plugins**: they're alright, but I've got to trim down. Maybe I'll come back to them, though. (`ZotServer` was also disabled. I didn't notice any sluggishness there, but just in case)

# ZotLit plugin

Maybe this would work — documentation uninformative! — but it's still in beta (in Feb 2024) and install failed on install of some extra sqlite3 thing. Also, it depends upon zotfile, which I think won't be updated to zotero 7?

Also [[2024-03-26#ZotLit plugin]]
