---
created date: 2024-06-16T00:23
modified date: 2024-07-30T10:25:45-07:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: []
type: daily
---
**[[2024-06-15]]**  <-->  **[[2024-06-17]]**

# Tag Folder Plugin
From: [vrtmrz/obsidian-tagfolder](https://github.com/vrtmrz/obsidian-tagfolder)
- shows your folders hierarchically
	- slash separated nested folders
	- somehow deriving hierarchy from how docs are tagged?  I don't get it
**Try it**
# TabNavigator Plugin
From: [o02c/obsidian-tab-navigator](https://github.com/o02c/obsidian-tab-navigator)

**Try it**
# Remotely Save Plugin
From: [remotely-save/remotel...](https://github.com/remotely-save/remotely-save)

- guy [says](https://www.reddit.com/r/ObsidianMD/comments/1dedsgq/comment/l8bbimr/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button) it's good for OneDrive syncing, even to iPads
# Kill and Yank plugin
From: [inouetakuya/obsidian-...](https://github.com/inouetakuya/obsidian-kill-and-yank)

- emacs-style hotkeys for `Ctrl + k w y space`
- overrides some existing hotkeys
- `ctrl + space` might remove the most obsidian "mousiness"
	- non-emacsy:  must hit `ctrl + space` twice, once at the beginning and again at the end in order to mark the region (Windows)
	- use it to fix [[2024-06-18#^f8gl|Set Mark Doesn't Work on MacOS]]?
- Make these commands to Windows but MacOS to avoid [[Obsidian Sync#Windows/MacOS hotkey conflict and overwrite|Windows/MacOS hotkey conflict and overwrite]]?
- This probably would have worked but it's redundant with [[2024-06-18#Emacs Text Editor Plugin|Emacs Text Editor Plugin]]
**Try it**

# orgmode-cm6 plugin
From: [GitHub - BBazard/obsidian-orgm...](https://github.com/BBazard/obsidian-orgmode-cm6)

- is supposed to let obsidian read org-mode files
- said to do headline manipulation, etc
	- doesn't work
	- but it can at least do links
- it's brand new, so this seems very alpha
- also: [[2024-06-18#Emacs Text Editor Plugin|Emacs Text Editor Plugin]] 

**Disabled.  Maybe it will be updated**

# Update Time plugin
From: [GitHub - dsebastien/obsidian-u...](https://github.com/dsebastien/obsidian-update-time?source=post_page-----61abd0a35dd9--------------------------------)

Adds `created` and `updated` fields to metadata, and keeps them in sync, which is nice.

- it does work
- complications
	- I already had `created date` and `modified date` properties, although these were always empty
		- [x] who made these? I can't find it, except for in zotero
		- [ ] turn them off
	- my zotero template also has `created date` and `modified date` properties, but `modified date` is left empty 
	- [no command to add this field to all existing](https://github.com/dsebastien/obsidian-update-time/issues/5) notes
		- there's a request to add a customization for created and modified date property names
		- [ ] if ever implemented, property customization could solve these discrepancies
	- could mess up templates, [it says here](https://medium.com/technology-hits/obsidian-plugins-review-60-61abd0a35dd9)
		- can exclude actions on certain folders, e.g. templates
		- [ ] so do that, if I use this
- Also see [[dailies/2024-07-13.md#Frontmatter Timestamps Plugin |Frontmatter Timestamps Plugin]]
	
**Disabled.  Reenable if customizable created/modified times are implemented**

# List Outline Helper Plugin
From: [GitHub - triangular-sneaky/obs...](https://github.com/triangular-sneaky/obsidian-list-outline-helper)

Improves selecting and moving list hierarchies, getting a little closer to org-mode's abilities.

- selects current list and sublists
- run multiple times, it will select next block below, selecting the whole list if it's a list
- these can be moved with `move line up` and `move line down` command.
- [ ] # consider SHIFT intead of Alt in keymappings below
## Outliner-relevant keyboard mappings I've set up

| Hotkey              | Command                     | Comment                                                          |
| ------------------- | --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Ctrl + a`          | no command name             | selects whole list item, excluding bullet (from Blockier plugin) |
| `Ctrl + Alt a`      | select current list outline | what [[#List Outline Helper Plugin|List Outline Helper Plugin]] does                        |
| `Ctrl + Alt + down` | move list down              | all selected lists                                               |
| `Ctrl + Alt + up`   | move list up                | all selected lists                                               |
| `TAB`               | indent list                 | from some other plugin?                                          |
| `Shift + TAB`       | unindent list               | from some other plugin?                                          |

**Installed**

# Table to CSV Exporter Plugin
From: [GitHub - metawops/obsidian-tab...](https://github.com/metawops/obsidian-table-to-csv-export)

Exports a table to a text file.  A little clunky in that the settings allow you to quote all cells or not do it, and semicolon is the default field separator.  But it's usable.  Setting it copy the file contents you the clipboard make Excel import slightly easier, as you can paste, and then run the import wizard without hunter all over for it.

- **Note** that the `Advanced Tables Plugin` can also export to a CSV, but without as much control.

**Installed**

# Copy Document as HTML
From: [GitHub - mvdkwast/obsidian-cop...](https://github.com/mvdkwast/obsidian-copy-as-html)

Copies whole notes or chunks of them to clipboard, so you can do a formatted html paste into, say gmail.  Pretty fancy, lots of settings to adjust... 

**Installed**

# Tab Selector
From: [GitHub - namikaze-40p/obsidian...](https://github.com/namikaze-40p/obsidian-tab-selector)

Can possibly allow a big vertical menu of tabs with names, entirely by keyboard. This could be good for selecting a tab when there are a lot of them, and you can't read the the names.

Maybe useful, but it overwrites Obsidian's existing `ctrl + TAB` and `ctrl + SHIFT + TAB`, which is already fine, and maybe enough?  Also, my first try at configuring it didn't work.  A user error, I'm sure.

**Disable.  Think about it if it gets updated a lot**

# Reveal Active File Button Plugin
From: [GitHub - claremacrae/reveal-ac...](https://github.com/claremacrae/reveal-active-file-button-plugin)

Adds an icon to the file explorer which will show you where your currently active note is in the hierarchy.  It's small, and could be useful for those needle-in-the-haystack situations, kind of like the `ctrl + click` thing in Zotero, for finding where your note is in the category structure.

**Installed**

# CSV Table
From: [GitHub - coddingtonbear/obsidi...](https://github.com/coddingtonbear/obsidian-csv-table)

Imports a csv file into an obsidian markdown.  I can imagine this being useful when I have experimental results in a pandas dataframe, and I'd like to put them into an obsidian note about experimental results, like how I used to turn jupyter notebook and matlab tables into org-mode tables.  Only concern is if these csv files have to stick around -- can I just delete them after the import?

**Think about it**

# Jira Issue
From: [GitHub - marc0l92/obsidian-jir...](https://github.com/marc0l92/obsidian-jira-issue)

Could be useful, if I get a bunch of tickets.

**Think about it**

# Blockquote Levels
From: [GitHub - czottmann/obsidian-bl...](https://github.com/czottmann/obsidian-blockquote-levels)

Indent/outdent blockquotes, like you would hierarchical lists.  Could be useful once in a while.

**Think about it**

# Font Size Plugin
From: [GitHub - RyotaUshio/obsidian-f...](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-font-size)

Lets you adjust the note font size w/o also adjusting the UI font size.
- `ctrl + = ` is all of obsidian font size increase (default)
- `ctrl + -` is all of obsidian font size decrease (default)
- `ctrl + shift = ` is note font size increase (my mapping)
- `ctrl + shirt -` is note font size decrease (my mapping)
- [ ] # switch these around?  I think I switch note font size more often

**Installed**

