---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---
**[[2024-04-21]]**  <-->  **[[2024-04-23]]**

# JonD Research Group Org Meeting

## My points
- yes, we s/ focus group
- why DA?
- not part time
- convex NN?
- very interesting ML4OPT work in intro paper I read
- which part of ML4OPT is the idea here?
- JonL
## JonD
- Mukunda doesn't want resi
	- learn from ERCOT work
	- they're doing something simple that doesn't explode
	- tons of room to improve opt.
- Mukunda said 5 mins ago
	- needs to justify biz value add
	- resi: 
		- seems like Koreans want to replace our stuff w/ their stuff 
			- (YC suggested that)
			- wanted to do something like that, it seems
		- need to sell l10K home systems to get revenue of single battery
	- JonD says do something very bitesize
	- exists: strategy group and actual biz
	- strategy group doesen't know biz
	- need biz group but they're a few layers removed from DS
		- FOM: Amir/Harsh/Byron met only a handful of times
			- they're not even using it
		- Biz group: GES, in Irvine
			- do large scale proj dev
	- said he's really busy, you get some freedom, don't need to tell you what to do
- JonL and research
	- Hanwha got DOE loan
		- must be cutting edge w/ risk
- Why DA?
	- ERCOT or CAISO, doesn't matter
	- Byron and Gerrit: good intuition of why it's not as good as perfect foresight
		- DA requires ancillary service committment ahead of time, takes away battery from RT mkt
		- many uncertain DA things for DA decisions, 
		- easier than RT
		- problem is allocation to RT market (Byron says biggest prob)
		- DA price forecasts of RT energy market high-biased, too much value to RT operations 
		- hard to account for effect of ancs service on battery (effect is random)
		- price spikes are order of mag larger
			- can get start of spike vs. actual spike
		- may do OK at forecasting time of price spike time
		- Optimizer believes forecast, no stochastic opt.  
		- prob frcst and opt.
- AI4OPT and QCELLS project
	- it's in section 4.2
		- robust optimization subfield for DA decision problem (above)
		- Byron has formulation for feasibility
		- wants them to do non-scenarios robust technique, wants wider bounds on feasible region
		- Andy Sun @ Georgia tech was working on robust multistage linear optimization
		- They said it would be interesting to work on, gave a cost
		- Mukunda made a 1st pitch, they weren't convinced on value, need for external partner.
		- JonD gave him a 1 page pitch on value of this project
		- The pitch: here’s my blurb on Project 2: Robust optimization models for day ahead market decisions. When optimizing the bids for a BESS in a Day Ahead (DA) market for grid services, it is very challenging to define a tractable formulation of the feasible region of bids. By selling grid services for a given time period, a BESS promises to adjust it’s power setpoints as commanded by the ISO in real time during that period. This creates uncertainty about the power setpoints and trajectory of the BESS’s stored energy in that hour when making DA decisions. During real time operations, there are opportunities for recourse actions that help mitigate the uncertainty, such as adjusting baseline power setpoints. To maximize our profits, we want to provide as much grid service as possible, but we must also be able to satisfy the worst case grid service utilization from the ISO. If successful, this project will enable fuller utilization of a BESS in energy markets, increasing sales of grid services in DA markets without sacrificing the ability to perform energy arbitrage in real time energy markets.
		- Jaspreet or Hirsh (idiot) are project mgrs
		- JonL's preference on what he should do on this
			- we don't have to code on those projects w/ GATech
			- would rather be handson, so we can work together
			- we should write a roadmap on what we want to do
			- he thinks we can add to the list of things we collaborate on
			- wants a json based sim, not airflow
			- optimization can't be parallelized as much b/c its sequential
## TODO
	- [ ] send JonL local opt paper
	- [ ] bug Mukunda about JonL
	- [ ] figure what's being done in optimazation for FOM
	- [ ] ask Mukunda to get Jaspreet?  JonL says maybe

