---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---
**[[2024-04-16]]**  <-->  **[[2024-04-18]]**

# Auto Link Title plugin
From [here](https://github.com/zolrath/obsidian-auto-link-title)
When paste a link, gets link title from its web page if no selection; if selection, has option to use selection as the title.  I've enabled that option.  Can also paste text onto and existing bare link, making it a markdown link with the text as a title. So I've uninstalled the following now redundant plugins.  
- When I'm using [[2024-06-18#Emacs Text Editor Plugin|Emacs Text Editor Plugin]], the new paste hotkey, `Ctrl + y` doesn't activate Auto Link Title plugin, but [[2024-06-18#^xnm7|maybe that's OK]].  Just use default paste in this case?
- [ ] OR, should I unclick the `Enhance Default Paste` option, and map this behavior to a different key?
	- [ ] If so, I might want to think about what to do with this plugin's `Cmd\Ctrl + SHIFT + e` operations.
## Related 
- [[2024-03-28#Links plugin|Links plugin]]: the `Create link from clipboard` command is very similar
- [[#Paste Link plugin|Paste Link plugin]]
- [[#Paste URL into selection plugin|Paste URL into selection plugin]]
**Installed** 
# Paste Link plugin
From [here](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/obsidian-paste-link)
During paste URL, if there's a selection, it becomes the title.  This worked fine, but it became redundant when the more updated and powerful [[##Auto Link Title plugin|Auto Link Title plugin]] optionally added this capability.
**Uninstalled**
# Paste URL into selection plugin
From [here](https://github.com/denolehov/obsidian-url-into-selection)
- Insert links (URLs) into a selected text "notion-style" using regular `Ctrl/Cmd + V`
- Also works the other way around, inserts text into a selected link (URL) by command palette/hotkey(need to be set manually)
This worked fine, but was redundant w/ the more versatile [[#Auto Link Title plugin|Auto Link Title plugin]]
**Uninstalled**