---
created date: 2024-07-19T13:30:33-07:00
modified date: 2024-07-23T12:12:26-07:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---
**[[2024-07-18]]**  <-->  **[[2024-07-20]]**

# Footnotes Plugin
From: [GitHub - MichaBrugger/obsidian...](https://github.com/MichaBrugger/obsidian-footnotes)

Many ways to create and maintain footnotes.  Can be either numbers or text-based, and the the numbers can be reindexed with the [[#Linter Plugin|Linter Plugin]]. Can also to to the footnote with a hotkey, and from a footnote go back to the (first) place that references it with another hotkey.  This could nice, and arguably better than ordinary links. 

[One guy says](https://obsidian.rocks/footnotes-in-obsidian/) that footnotes cause less mental friction when he's trying to formulate idea while keep track of his sources; his notes have sentence-like names, so when he references them `[[This is a long note title]]` they don't fit in his sentence flow, so he has to think about that.  He can instead just write the sentence like he wants, and then leave a footnote, with the mismatching wordy detail at the bottom of his note: it could simply be `[[This is a long note title]]`.  My habit is to make the link fit by editing a link description.  Is that fussier than footnotes?

- [ ] ? Can this be a single click to the thing being referenced?  
	- [ ] if the footnote is to a note link or website, is it just possible to go to it directly from the footnote number in the text (like you can with a link), or do you have to do two clicks?

**Think about it**

# Linter Plugin
From: [GitHub - platers/obsidian-lint...](https://github.com/platers/obsidian-linter)

I haven't looked at this yet.

# Research/MSFT Meeting
Jon/Mukunda
## company priorities
- Top priorities
	- num 1
		- Transcript (transmit?)
			- 50 Hanwha/50 QCELLS
			- Portfolio (?) and Atlas
				- use these to work in mkt
		- Chariot and something
			- does trading: retail load and futures
	- num 2
		- LPI / EPI program?
		- so Resi is num 2
		- no research role here
	- num 3 is CCI
		- some competitors are gone?
		- we have good performance?
- Nectar is sold off (or was it 50% sold off?)
- GES won't own assets
- Says he would shut down AEMO
	- privately: AUS office will be closed, probably
	- H/QCELLS not doing well overall: looking to close
- Muk's got work to cut 15% budget
	- but he did horse trading
	- says more cuts are coming
	- may be people impacted on this team: 
		- he recently told NACE
		- also from YCP's team
	- constantly looking for productivity, working on priorities
		- questions asked if not working on priorities
	- he says he's kind of isolated the team
	- not a "job threat"
	- so, need to show we're delivering something important
	- if you don't deliver, "soon you will be gone and I will be gone"
	- solar mkt bad, Trump will win, IRA go away
	- But he says he "believes in this team, algorithms"
- LPO (loan program, I think) is gone, I think
- Say VPP is a waste of time until get 1000 systems
- load and PV forecast done (by JonL, I think)
- stoch. opt on CCI side is an option
- thinks ERCOT would be good
- in space of wholesale market trading (highest priority)
	- don't repeat Amir
	- think of something new
	- ERCOT vs. CAISO
- says Chariot is more important for forecasting
	- maybe taking market clearing into account (JonD says)
	- JonD says optimization could help
	- Mukunda went to workshop but he didn't understand "block trading"
		- Hirsch, Jaspreet were there.  Not Amir.  Nace had to go
		- [ ] he needs to think about it, talk next week
	- Muk says Ai4OPT could help Chariot b/c it's a high priority in some way I didn't understand.
- 174 Global
	- JonD: they're hiring energy traders for transmission congestion rights
	- [ ] Mukunda says we could talk to them, he'll reach out to them
	- a lot of people are using commodity traders, have their own software already
- ERCOT prob forecast
- Do load forecasting: Resi and CCI
	- JonD: could do contextual opt.
- MSFT
	- they say we're not Azure ready
	- they have graph NNs
	- they want to sell us Azure; then they'll give us something else
	- says YCP can handle Azure
- Battery model
	- wants better battery model
		- talked to Aiden yesterday, was interested
		- physics informed NNs
- Resi space: washing detect
	- Muk says not a big deal for dirt,
	- not a big enough market
- [ ] Meet next Wednesday
- says we should show something by the end of the year to the company
