---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2025-02-20T14:19:48-08:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---

# Markdown table checkboxes Plugin
From: [GitHub - 0x-DLN/obsidian-table-checkboxes: Obsidian plugin. Allows for the usage of checkboxes inside markdown tables.](https://github.com/0x-DLN/obsidian-table-checkboxes)

Makes clickable and unclickable kinda markdown, kinda html checkboxes inside of tables.  
- how to use
	- type the normal list checkbox: `- []`, and when you hit the `]` it will be automatically converted to an html checkbox (unchecked)
	- can click and unclick it with mouse
	- **BUMMER** can't change the checkbox status by clicking except in view mode
	- **tedious hack**: in edit mode, can click on the checkbox
		-  then *manually edit* the html: 
		-  `unchecked id=` <--> `checked id=`
- video explaining code: [Adding checkboxes to tables in Obsidian](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEm1vnrmuHw)
- From video, it searched the whole document for some keyboard actions, but I'm not sure I see that it bogs down editing.
- has option to do all checkboxes, not just in tables, but I don't want that
- ? interaction with [[Dailies/2024-04-07.md#Tasks plugin |Tasks plugin]] ?
- the clickable, nicely formatted checkboxes outside of tables in edit mode are default obsidian
	- I see them when I open a sandbox vault
- [ ] # File a feature request?  Edit checkboxes in edit more?

## Test of of table checkboxes plugin

| checkbox type       | yes/no                                        |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| plain list checkbox | can't do                                      |
| plugin unchecked    | <input type="checkbox" unchecked id="481e73"> |
| plugin checked      | <input type="checkbox" checked id="2c6b1c">   |
## Test of standard checkboxes without this plugin

| checkbox type       | yes/no   |
| ------------------- | -------- |
| plain unchecked     | - []     |
| plain checked       | - [x]    |
- they're not clickable
- shows the leading `- `
- not pretty, like outside of a table:
	- [ ] a checkbox outside of a table

**Disabled but think about it...** : I don't want to mess with html editing, but I would like checkboxes in tables.

# Link Headers Directly Plugin
From: [GitHub - Signynt/link-headers-...](https://github.com/Signynt/link-headers-directly)

Modifies the stock obsidian `\[\[##` action so that, instead of inserting a bare link to a heading, it inserts an aliased wikilink with the alias being only the last heading level of the link target.  
- But it doesn't work in live preview, and the author says he doesn't have the skills
	- my comment on that: [Feature Request: Compatibility with live Preview · Issue #3 · Signynt/link-headers-directly · GitHub](https://github.com/Signynt/link-headers-directly/issues/3#issuecomment-2672805400)
- I wouldn't care about this plugin if the [[2024-03-28#Short Links plugin]] `#` off option worked.

**Disabled**.  I didn't uninstall b/c I want to see if the author takes my suggestion.

