---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2025-04-05T18:55:40-07:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---
# Plugin repl Plugin
From: [GitHub - talwrii/plugin-repl: ...](https://github.com/talwrii/plugin-repl)

This is for quickly testing out fragments of plugin code, like in a jupyter cell, or in an emacs scratch buffer -- could be a way to ease into plugin writing.  This plugin came from an emacs user, who I guess misses org-mode and elisp tinkering.  He [says](https://github.com/talwrii/obsidian-header-navigation) "I make productivity tools and AI tools related to reading and research. If that sounds interesting you can follow me on twitter or bluesky."  Maybe I should. 
- He also wrote [[#Header navigation plugin]].

**Try the plugin sometime**
# Heading Decorator Plugin
From: [GitHub - dragonish/obsidian-he...](https://github.com/dragonish/obsidian-heading-decorator)

Similar to [[2023-08-19#Lapel plugin]] but with hierarchical heading level markers (and other things) instead.  The hierarchical numbers are slightly ugly, and take up more space than the lapel plugin markers, but they are more informative, and are arguably more subtle than with the [[2024-05-16#Numbered Headings plugin]].  Note that it can make the H1, H2, type "unordered" headers like [[2023-08-19#Lapel plugin]]

I like that both the numbers and the indents give you a better clue about how deep you are in the hierarchy and that can optionally show up in the [[2023-08-19#Outliner plugin]] pane, although the stock, faded numbers are hard to see against the gray backgrounds in my org mode theme.  The main thing they accomplish there is to add a more visual indent.

**Try it for a while**
# Gotoheading Plugin
From: [GitHub - oin/obsidian-gotohead...](https://github.com/oin/obsidian-gotoheading)

 Similar to [[Dailies/2025-02-10.md#Header Navigation Plugin |Header Navigation Plugin]] but it has a switcher that lets you switch between headings within a note *or a folder*.  But I might prefer the outline pane for its clearer presentation, collapsibility and headline movability.

- also [[Arrow and Tab Key Mapping]]

**Try it for a while** 

