---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2025-03-01T15:00:06-08:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---
# Editor Shortcuts Plugin
From: [Obsidian plugin to add keyboard shortcuts commonly found in code editors such as Visual Studio Code (vscode) or Sublime Text](https://github.com/timhor/obsidian-editor-shortcuts)

This is what the author of the [[Dailies/2024-03-09.md#Toggle Case Plugin |Toggle Case Plugin]] has [moved to](<Dailies/2024-03-09.md#^zwam >).  Tons of commands inspired by vscode and sublime text.  I'll un-map most of their hotkeys in order to avoid conflicts with existing ones.
## Commands I'll use hotkeys for
and unify with vscode and emacs

- `Transform selection to uppercase`, I'll map this to `alt+u`, 
	- this matches my emacs setting, although there is also `c-x c-u` by default there
- `Transform selection to lowercase`, I'll map this to `alt+l`, 
	- I'll set vscode to the same, although it overrides two commands there, which I doubt I'll use
- `select all occurrences`.  Multi-cursor selection of current word.  Can edit all at once.  Since vscode has it, I and since programmers use this a lot, I should practice using it here and there.  
	- I'll match the vscode binding, `ctr+shift+l`, 
	- [ ] someday, I'll bind the same hotkey to the equivalent emacs function
		- which would override the emacs binding for centering, which I've never used
- `Join line below to current line`: can be useful, emacs and vscode have it, mapped to `alt-j` in vscode and obs.  Didn't mess with it in emacs.
## Commands to consider hotkeys for
But not to mess with right now...

- `toggle case of selection`: title, upper, lower.  A toggle so nice, but stock vscode doesn't have it, and I never used one in emacs.
- `Transform selection to title case`.  I do have an `alt-c` for this in emacs but this overwrites a ton of commands in vscode.  I also don't use this much
- `Select word or next occurrence of selection`, interesting, a one-word-at-a-time version of `select all occurrences`.  Maybe I don't need this now.  It was bound to `ctr-d`, which was a conflict, so I undid this.

**Installed**




