---
created date: 2024-12-17T08:51:31-08:00
modified date: 2025-02-27T20:11:25-08:00
excalidraw-plugin: raw
tags: 
type: daily
---

# Fullscreen Focus Mode Plugin
From: [GitHub - Razumihin/obsidian-fullscreen-plugin](https://github.com/Razumihin/obsidian-fullscreen-plugin)

Command to totally fullscreen the current note, with text running the full screen width.  `esc` unfullscreens to back where you were.  I like it, but there are alternatives too for example, I might like to just get rid of sidebars and make tabs smaller for horizontally split windows.

Absolutely no options, so the plugin is really focused, too.

**Uninstalled** since [[#Focus Mode Plugin]] does this and more, and it's also a toggle.]
# ProZen Plugin
From: [GitHub - cmoskvitin/obsidian-prozen: Obsidian plugin for going FULL screen](https://github.com/cmoskvitin/obsidian-prozen)

Toggles fullscreen on your current note.   `esc` gets you out of it.  

Doesn't change text aspect ratio like [[#Fullscreen Focus Mode Plugin]], but instead greys out the sidebars. Kind of gimmicky looking, but I'd want it for my giant monitor, because I might not want text going all the way across that.

Also has a few options: tabs and stuff

**Installed, and experimenting with it**.  I'd really only want it for the big monitor, so my guess is that I'll eventually uninstall it.
X=
# Focus Mode Plugin
From: [GitHub - ryanpcmcquen/obsidian-focus-mode: Add focus mode to Obsidian.](https://github.com/ryanpcmcquen/obsidian-focus-mode)

Has a fullscreen focus mode like the [[#Fullscreen Focus Mode Plugin]], which it calls `super focus mode`.  Regular `focus mode` just removes UI elements, but leaves up multiple windows, if you have them.  Both are toggles, which I like best, and it has a "just shut off both side-panes" mode (`focus mode`), which is what I was looking for.

Also so has customizations, which might be worth looking at sometime.  Also a ribbon icon for mouse toggling.r

- [ ] ! pick hotkeys.  sidepane toggles work with PGUP, PGDN but not with spacemacs, for some reason.  I could delete the spacemacs \] and \[ bidnings for pane collapsing and use them for focus and super focus?

| Function           | Comment                                  | My Hotkey | Default Hotkey     |
| ------------------ | ---------------------------------------- | --------- | ------------------ |
| `focus mode`       | what I want usually                      | ?         | `ctrl+alt+z`       |
| `super focus mode` | ~ emacs `ctrl+x+1` but already tab group | ?         | `ctrl+shift+alt+z` |

**Installed** It's what I wanted and a bit more.  Someday, maybe look at the customizations...

# Focus and Highlight Plugin
From: [GitHub - nagi1999a/obsidian-fo...](https://github.com/nagi1999a/obsidian-focus-plugin)

When you click on a header, everything hierarchically outside it is whited out.  Functionally similar to [[2024-03-23#Zoom Plugin]], which is unmaintained and less intuitive.

*Unfortunately, I can't get it to do anything.* Last update was a few years ago (in Feb 2025), so maybe it's broken and abandoned?

**Uninstalled** 






